Welcome to this module,
great to have you here. In this module,
we'll have a look at validation, input validation.
This module takes the same project and uses the same project as we used in the axios and authentication
module,
you don't necessarily need to complete these modules,
just be aware that it basically builds up on them,
it uses the same project and therefore, if there are some features in that module which you don't understand,
features in the project code you find attached to this module, then you might get back to these other bonus
modules about axios and authentication to learn how this was built up from the ground.
You can still dive into this module without watching them if you only want to see the validation part,
just make sure that you dig through the source code to understand what the project does. With that,
let's start.